docs: Reshape Database concepts, fold ID strategy, many-to-many, and migration gaps (#676)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/06-database/02-models.md

When using `defaultModel=random`, the UUID will be generated when the object is created. Since an id is always assigned the `id` field can be non-nullable.

> To have the server assign the id instead of the client, use `defaultPersist=random` without `defaultModel`, so the value is set on insert rather than on the client.

Reviewer: It's the database that assigns the id here, not the server, and the server/client contrast doesn't quite hold since `defaultModel` also applies when the object is created on the server. Suggestion:
```suggestion
To have the database assign the id on insert instead of generating it when the object is created, use `defaultPersist=random` without `defaultModel`.
```
